README.md, before:

# LaTeX Classes and Packages

This repository contains LaTeX styles and document classes I use to write mathy things. In particular, there are:
 - `math/bsteffan-math.sty` providing the package `bsteffan-math` which contains many math definitions and aliases and loads most of the relevant packages. It is designed to be used with `unicode-math`.
 - `sheet/bsteffan-exsheet.cls` providing the class `bsteffan-exsheet` which I use to typeset solutions to exercise sheets as they are commonly given in math classes.
 - `sheet/bsteffan-sheetthms.sty` providing the package `bsteffan-sheetthms` which contains theorem and proof environment definitions as I commonly use them on exercise sheets.
 - `sheet/bsteffan-sheetdiagrams.sty` providing the package `bsteffan-sheetdiagrams` containing `tikz` setup for exercise sheet solutions.
 - `exam/bsteffan-examsol.cls` providing the class `bsteffan-examsol` which I use to typeset solutions to exams.
 - `exam/bsteffan-examthms.cls` providing the package `bsteffan-examthms` which contains theorems and proof environment definitions as I use them for exam solutions.
 - `breakout/bsteffan-mathbreakout.cls` providing the class `bsteffan-mathbreakout` containing setup for standalone math breakouts.
 - `breakout/bsteffan-breakoutthms.sty` providing the package `bsteffan-breakoutthms` containing theorem and proof environments for `bsteffan-mathbreakout`.
 - `notes/bsteffan-lecturenotes.cls` providing the class `bsteffan-lecturenotes` which I use to typeset lecture notes.

## Building / Using
The recommended use case is to download this locally (as a subrepo, say) into whatever project you are working on and ensuring that that directory (or its `src` subdir) is among the project's `TEXINPUTS` paths.

Commit message:

Remove `test` & update README & add LICENSE
Removed the `test` dir since it wasn't being actively used. Maybe I'll
get around to implement actual useful tests in the future, but we'll
see. Also fleshes out the README somewhat and adds an (MIT) LICENSE file
since this repo is going public.

README.md, after:

# LaTeX Classes and Packages

This repository contains LaTeX styles and document classes I use to write mathy things. In particular, there are:
 - `math/bsteffan-math.sty` providing the package `bsteffan-math` which contains many math definitions and aliases and loads most of the relevant packages. It is designed to be used with `unicode-math`.
 - `sheet/bsteffan-exsheet.cls` providing the class `bsteffan-exsheet` which I use to typeset solutions to exercise sheets as they are commonly given in math classes.
 - `sheet/bsteffan-sheetthms.sty` providing the package `bsteffan-sheetthms` which contains theorem and proof environment definitions as I commonly use them on exercise sheets.
 - `sheet/bsteffan-sheetdiagrams.sty` providing the package `bsteffan-sheetdiagrams` containing `tikz` setup for exercise sheet solutions.
 - `exam/bsteffan-examsol.cls` providing the class `bsteffan-examsol` which I use to typeset solutions to exams.
 - `exam/bsteffan-examthms.cls` providing the package `bsteffan-examthms` which contains theorems and proof environment definitions as I use them for exam solutions.
 - `breakout/bsteffan-mathbreakout.cls` providing the class `bsteffan-mathbreakout` containing setup for standalone math breakouts.
 - `breakout/bsteffan-breakoutthms.sty` providing the package `bsteffan-breakoutthms` containing theorem and proof environments for `bsteffan-mathbreakout`.
 - `notes/bsteffan-lecturenotes.cls` providing the class `bsteffan-lecturenotes` which I use to typeset lecture notes.

## Building / Using
If you want to use this, download it locally (as a subrepo, say) and drop it into whatevery project you are working on, ensuring that that directory is among the project's `TEXINPUTS`.

However, since these classes are tailored to my specific needs, highly unstable (i.e. most commited changes are breaking changes in one way or another), and at times idiosyncratic I recommend taking whatever bits and pieces are useful to you and dropping them in your own classes or packages.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.
